h2. R User Group Meeting Slides

_Portland, OR_

This repository is meant to keep track of slides, and related code,
data or media, presented at Portland R User Group Meetings.

h3. Getting Started with R

_Ed Borasky_
_September 21st_

Slides are on Ed's repository, at "http://github.com/znmeb/SUSE-Studio-Appliances/blob/master/Code-Like-A-Pirate/Documents/Getting%20Started.pdf":http://github.com/znmeb/SUSE-Studio-Appliances/blob/master/Code-Like-A-Pirate/Documents/Getting%20Started.pdf

h3. Spatial Analysis with R

_Ben Stabler_
_October 21st_

The powerpoint slides are here, and can also be found at at "http://stablers.net/software/files/Stabler-Spatial-R.ppt":http://stablers.net/software/files/Stabler-Spatial-R.ppt

h3. Debugging in R

_Homer Strong_
_November 18th_

We walked though code available at the gist at "https://gist.github.com/706036":https://gist.github.com/706036

h3. Reporting R Bugs

_Brian Diggs_
_November 18th_

Available here, named @Diggs-Reporting R Bugs.odp@ or as a PDF @Diggs-Reporting R Bugs.pdf@

h3. R, JavaScript, Protein Folds, and Compressed Sensing: A Quartet of Awesome

_Kevin Lynagh_
_December 16th_

Kevin's talk is available at his website. "http://www.dirigibleflightcraft.com/prote.cs/":http://www.dirigibleflightcraft.com/prote.cs/

h3. Making graphs with ggplot2

_Brian Diggs_
_January 20th_

Brian's introduction to ggplot2 is available here, named @Diggs-ggplot2.pdf@. Source Sweave document is @Diggs-ggplot2.Rnw@.

h3. Creating a package in R using devtools and roxygen2

_Brian Diggs_
_August 22, 2012_

The slides are availabe as @Diggs-Creating-Package.pdf@. The source knitr files
are available as talk.Rnw at
"https://github.com/BrianDiggs/Create-R-package":https://github.com/BrianDiggs/Create-R-package
